you really want this place don't you I
do welcome to foxglove I'm Charlie Peck
this view is beautiful it's the only
house I ever lived that nice-looking
family we always had a lot of love here
this house is yours though we'll take
good care of her I'll hold you to that
have a good time in Florida buddy you're
not gonna breathe it'ss charlie is
outside cutting the grass what did you
just get this out of the garage that's
right keep it something is really wrong
with that guy oh it's not your house no
he's quite a guy
you know his wife died in that house you
think that's blood your days of dropping
by are over it's all her say goodbye
he's watching him this guy is dangerous
in Italian today the intruder pg-13
[Music]